let's play
let's wipe them out my adult life has
been spent helping people the best way I
know how with my sword
it's my job now training those strong
enough to defend themselves and
protecting those who aren't I'm being
sent on another mission someone is
bringing a bunch of people together no
one knows why but it doesn't sound good
not sure they need my help or want it
but from what I can tell there's a force
here bigger than anyone's imagined one
way or the other I'm going to find
whoever's behind this I don't think he's
going to make it easy
fine by me I've never liked it when
things are too easy
one of us I'm here alone I'm not working
with anyone I'm asking if your economy
after looking at you I really know me
you sound like you're looking for
someone
is it me I'm just asking if you Whitney
there's a storm coming in it's good to
know who your friends are I said I'm
here alone I'm not your friend
well that's too bad
and I'm a good for an ass you've already
picked your size there's only one thing
left to do
the target's been neutralized and so
have those who stood with him or against
me I don't know what good I did there I
guess some people were spared having to
deal with it I'd like to think that was
it the last mission time to go home but
there's always someone who needs
protection someone who can't help
themselves someone I can help
long as they're out there there will be
no end to the fighting
that's a bad thing after all that's what
I was built to do